## Project AirSim announcement

Microsoft and IAMAI collaborated to advance high-fidelity autonomy simulations through Project AirSim—the evolution of AirSim— released under the MIT license as part of a DARPA-supported initiative.  IAMAI is proud to have contributed to these efforts and has published its version of the Project AirSim repository at [github.com/iamaisim/ProjectAirSim](https://github.com/iamaisim/ProjectAirSim).

## AirSim announcement: This repository will be archived in the coming year

In 2017 Microsoft Research created AirSim as a simulation platform for AI research and experimentation. Over the span of five years, this research project has served its purpose—and gained a lot of ground—as a common way to share research code and test new ideas around aerial AI development and simulation. Additionally, time has yielded advancements in the way we apply technology to the real world, particularly through aerial mobility and autonomous systems. For example, drone delivery is no longer a sci-fi storyline—it’s a business reality, which means there are new needs to be met. We’ve learned a lot in the process, and we want to thank this community for your engagement along the way.

In the spirit of forward momentum, we will be releasing a new simulation platform in the coming year and subsequently archiving the original 2017 AirSim. Users will still have access to the original AirSim code beyond that point, but no further updates will be made, effective immediately. Instead, we will focus our efforts on a new product, Microsoft Project AirSim, to meet the growing needs of the aerospace industry. Project AirSim will provide an end-to-end platform for safely developing and testing aerial autonomy through simulation. Users will benefit from the safety, code review, testing, advanced simulation, and AI capabilities that are uniquely available in a commercial product. As we get closer to the release of Project AirSim, there will be learning tools and features available to help you migrate to the new platform and to guide you through the product. To learn more about building aerial autonomy with the new Project AirSim, visit [https://aka.ms/projectairsim](https://aka.ms/projectairsim).